Inquiry with Björn
Website: http://www.oshkoshbgosh.com/

Questions before the task:
Did you ever buy clothes for children?
- No
Have you ever bought clothes online?
- Yes	
What webshop do you use?
- ae.com, sportcheck.ch
What do you like about these shops?
- Easy to use, convenient, see entire collection at a glance, 
navigation clear (men, women, clearance), available colors are displayed on overview page
Do you have accounts for the shops you use regularly?
- yes
What payment method do you prefer?
- Paypal

Task: 
1. Boy
Aged 2 years
Yellow shirt, as cheap as possible

Went to sale, browsed through all items, didn't find any yellow shirts. Went to Boys > Toddler > Tops, looked through all items again, selected first yellow item, wanted to put that into shopping cart. Didn't select size, error appeared that he must select a size. Didn't know size, as sizes were shop specific. Went to size chart, which didn't help (only knew age of boy, but not weight/height). Made a guess.
Went on looking for other yellow dress, cheaper ones, would have deleted the first item if he had found a cheaper one. 
Didn't see filter, didn't use search field.

2. Girl
Aged 2 months
White dress, but with some flowers on it
Price not important

Discovered search field, typed in "girl 2 months white dress flowers". No search results. Refined search to "white dress flowers", got 3 search results. Also used filter this time, filtered by age, selected dress that remained. Put item into shopping cart, again, no-size-selected error. 


3. Change quantity from 1 to 2 for the dress
Went to cart, used drop down to change quantity from one to two. No problems there.

Questions for interview after task
Hidden or easy to find?
- With a good search function it's quite easy.
-But without such a functionality it's time consuming.
How did you decide on a size for the dress?
- Guessing via the size description.
How do you like the web site?
- quite nice, not the best.
What would you improve on the site?
- It's not easy to find the right size if you don't know the height of the child. I would improve the size chart and the labeling of the sizes.

